% req 1
While motor engagement is not confirmed, when the motor engagement criteria become satisfiedx, the motor engagement controller shall command motor engagement within 100 ms.
% req 2
While the motor engagement criteria are satisfied, when the motor engagement becomes not confirmed, the motor engagement controller shall command motor engagement within 100 ms.
% req 3?
That this definition means that when the motor has been engaged by another channel, and disengagement is detected, this channel will command engagement.
% req 3
When the motor engagement become not satisfied, the motor engagement controller shall command motor disengagement within 100 ms.
% req 4
While motor engagement is commanded, when the motor engagement becomes confirmed, the motor engagement controller shall set motor status to engaged within x ms.
% req 5
When the motor engagement criteria become not satisfied, the motor engagement controller shall set motor status to disengaged within x ms.

Definitions
Define command motor engagement motor command to engage.
Define command motor disengagement motor command to disengage.
Define motor engagement as confirmed while ‘Motor Engaged Pin Feedback’ is true, otherwise not confirmed.
Define automation as requested when pilot  interface indicates automatic control requested, otherwise not requested.
Define motor engagement criteria as satisfied, the automation is online and none of the motor inhibit conditions have been active within the previous 5 seconds, otherwise not satisfied

Define motor Inhibit conditions as the set comprising

{axyFunction is invalid, motor feedback is invalid, the Monitor flag has been set following autopilot commanded engagement, the motor is ‘stuck open’, a motor runaway is active, an SEU or power transient reset has occurred}
Define motor runaway as active Runway Monitor Function is valid and the Monitor Feedback indicates a runaway, condition otherwise inactive.

Define motor feedback as valid while both Up and Down position feedback sensors have been valid within the previous 0.3 seconds, otherwise invalid
Define motor as stuck open while the motor engagement criteria have been satisfied for 0.5 seconds and motor engagement is not confirmed.